We just finished up grade application and we're ready to steamroll forward right on to the next one.
This next map next app that we're going be focusing on is going to be using the redux framework before
we start typing out redux though we'll have a quick discussion on the app that we're going to build
just kind of frame our discussion a little bit.
That way we can then talk about redux and then immediately jump into building our application without
having to take a break to figure out you know what we're building.
So the next app that we've been working on is a little bit more simple than the one that we've been
working on or at least when we just finished but because we're adding redux on top of everything else
I want to make sure that we've got a reasonably sized application to you know address reduction because
outing redux is going to be a little bit of an additional challenge here.
So our next step is going to be sort of like you know kind of vaguely flashcard style application.
I don't know maybe not quite flash cards users are really presented with a list of topics.
So like redux react to ash.
Yes.
Battle battleaxe.
You know all these different topics.
Whenever a user taps on a topic like if I tap on re-act right there I would expect to see this re-act
section expand and show a description of the technology.
So as this is rendered right now it's showing with redux in a rendered state.
So you can see redux and beneath it is a description of that library.
So whenever you know again whenever someone taps on thing boom expand it show description.
Now as before.
Let's discuss some of the challenges within this application.
First we must use redux to build this with you know whatever difficulty or whatever requirements that
entails so we have to figure out what redux is figure out how we're going to apply it to this application.
Second we must figure out a way to render a list of the elements in a performance or at least performance
conscious manner long lists of data on mobile devices are notorious for grinding applications to a halt.
So we must figure out a way you like a super solid solution for rendering a list of items that may be
very very long in the past.
We use that map function to make a short list but map starts to slow down once we start to get a lot
of items.
So I want to figure out how to render a list in a very efficient fashion.
Third we have to figure out animations.
I want to make sure that whenever a user taps on a given section we just seemed like a description just
like pop up instantly out of nothingness.
Instead I want to make sure that when user tabs on the section we had a very smooth animation of like
you know this kind of box right here opening up and have our description nicely appear inside of there.
So I have a very smooth transition when any of these sections open up and to do so you have to figure
out how to use the animation API with Riak native.
Again all of this is going to be framed through the lens of figuring out how to use relax.
So the goal is you're like first and foremost figure out how to use redox and then on top of that just
know at the same time we're going to be learning about lists and animations as well.
Anyways let's get rolling.
First thing I want to do is create a new project directory with the re-act native command line tool.
We're just going to start the installation and then take a break and continue from there.
So right now I'm inside as my kind of like overall projects directory.
And here's my Allums project in my off project.
So inside of here I'm going to create a new reac need a project by running re-act need is in it and
I'm going to close one tech stack.
It's called tech stack because you know we're going to be rendering a list of different technologies
kind of in a stacked fashion.
I don't know it's the best name I could come up with guys.
OK.
We're going to be our insulation.
Let's take a quick break and continue the next section and start learning about redux